Fix documentation of lists in style guide (#2087)
chef/chef-web-docs: chef_master/source/style_guide.rst

  Introductory sentence:

  * list item
  * list item
  
    * sublist item
    * sublist item
    
  * list item
  * list item

> Use the asterisk symbol (*) only for bulleted lists, even though Sphinx supports using other symbols. Leave a blank line before the first list item and after the last, and leave blank lines around nested list items. Don't indent list items, but nested list items should be indented **two** spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the asterisk symbol (`*`) only for bulleted lists, even though Sphinx supports using other symbols. Leave a blank line before the first list item and after the last, and leave blank lines around nested list items. Do not indent list items, but nested list items should be indented **two** spaces.
```

Reviewer: Had to include the `formatting` for the asterisk, so the following text wouldn't be italicized.
